
# feel free to ad-lib as much as you'd like, as long as the intent stays the same
Skeleton: "So, it's been good seeing everyone and all, but... are we any closer"

Bigfoot: "Well, we couldn't be any further away...  Like I was... in the Himalayas... just me and my lemonade snowballs...(gaze off into the distance)"

Mike & Sully: "Still trying to convince people that's lemonade?  Maybe you accidentally killed him.  You haven't been gone *that* long"

Bigfoot: (attempting to talk over others, who will be speaking at the same time) "I WOULD NEVER"  And more offended denial, etc. (until Beetlejuice quiets everyone)
Phantom: (attempting to talk over others, who will be speaking at the same time) (Accusing Dragon) "I bet it was that DRAGON.  Always trying to steal people, if it even remotely threatens their precious gold" and more accusations, etc. (until Beetlejuice quiets everyone)
Alien: (attempting to talk over others, who will be speaking at the same time) (Accusing random people) Loud "MURR-DURRR" alien noises over and over again, etc. (until Beetlejuice quiets everyone)
Ghost: (attempting to talk over others, who will be speaking at the same time) (Accusing Dementor) "I BET IT WAS THE DEMENTORS... always jealous of my love life.  YOU JUST COULDN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE"  (until Beetlejuice quiets everyone)

Beetlejuice: (attempting to talk over others, who will be speaking at the same time) "I KNOW WHO DID IT! (wait for them to quiet) But I can't say their name" Then pantomime out Jekyll & Hyde until someone gets it right.

Jekyll & Hyde: (switching between Jekyll/Hyde as relevant [if you want]) "Was it me?  I've certainly done things I regret, but I would remember if I had killed a skeleton or a ghost.  Unless... (slow realization) it WASN'T Skeleton or Ghost at the time"

Medusa: "It may have not been.  Skeleton's bone is relatively new, despite his look.  The timeline matches."

Dementor: "And ghost is the same.  It reeks of new life.  AND ... the ghost community is close - we never knew him before 40 years ago when he suddenly showed up, having no memory of his past.  That's usually the one thing ghosts DO have - regrets and memories from their past life"

Beetlejuice: "And my presence is known to blur the line between one person and two"

Dragon: "So Hyde killed someone, then they split into two?"

Jekyll & Hyde: "Then it was me.  I killed someone, who then turned into Skeleton & Ghost.  I confess"

Invisible Man: (A few seconds after "SOMEONE" confesses to the murder(s), do some typical "villain" slow claps then start monologuing)  HAHAH you fools!  Always not noticing what is right in front of you - ME!  And you have yet to ask the most important question - who did Jekyll & Hyde actually kill? ... It was Lawrence Khan.  A brilliant inventor, and creator of what we now know as The Internet.  Something I helped finish and now control...And now, you will all pay for your ignorance!  You've all hired me to be your private eye for your various suspicions. Imagine giving your most secret details to the one person that controls the most publicly available.  Imagine the chaos when I release all that information, including where you live, on the internet tonight."

Ghost: (After SOMEONE has finished monologuing about how dumb everyone is [it will end with: "on the internet, tonight"], yell:) GET THEM! And lead everyone to search for and capture that SOMEONE.  After capturing them, threaten to kill them if they don't keep a lid on what they know.

Invisible Man: (After being captured & threatened to be killed) Struggle for some time, then give up.  "FINE I'll help you.  I built a back door into the internet for just such situations.  It's only been used a few times, mostly for celebrities - to remove that one picture of Beyonce from the internet, then that other one for Elon Musk.  Just put in the code into any website and it'll give you complete control.  But... what is the code (indicate your head trauma might be causing you issues)?  I always keep it in my jacket, I think."  (this transitions into the finale, which the Gamemaster will handle)